老友记第一季第一集
Part1

            Friends Episode 1 Season 1:The one where Monica gets a new roommate.
Monica: There's nothing to tell. It's just some guy I work with.
Joey: C'mon, you're going out with the guy. There's gotta be something wrong with him!
Chandler: All right, Joey. Be nice. So does he have a hump? A hump and a hairpiece?
Phoebe: Wait, does he eat chalk? 'Cause I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl, oh!
Monica: Okay, everybody relax. Relax. This is not even a date. It's not. It's just two people going out to dinner and not having sex.
Chandler: Sounds like a date to me.
Chandler: Alright, so I'm back in high school, I'm standing in the middle of the cafeteria, and I realize I am totally naked.
All: Oh, yeah. Had that dream.
Chandler: Then I look down and I realize there is a phone...there.
Joey: Instead of. Chandler: That's right!
Joey: Never had that dream.
Chandler: All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring.
Chandler: Now I don't know what to do? Everybody starts looking at me.
Monica: They weren't looking at you before?
Chandler: Finally, I figure I'd better answer it.
Chandler: And it turns out it's my mother. Which is very, very weird because she never calls me.
Ross: Hi.
Joey: This guy says "Hello"，I wanna kill myself.
Monica: You okay? Sweetie!
Ross: I just feel like someone reached down my throat, grabbed my small intestine pulled it out of my mouth, and tied it around my neck.
Chandler: Cookie?
Monica: Carol moved her stuff out today.
Monica: Let me get you some coffee.
Ross：Thanks.
Ross: No, Oh! No don't! Stop cleansing my aura. Just leave my aura alone, okay?
Phoebe：Fine, be murky.
Ross: I'll be fine, alright? Really, everyone. I hope she'll be happy.
Monica: No, you don't.
Ross: No I don't, to hell with her, she left me!
Joey: You never knew she was a lesbian?
Ross: No! Okay? Why does everyone keep fixating on that?
Ross: She didn't know. How should I know?
Chandler: Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian. Did I say that out loud?
Ross: I told Mom and Dad last night. They seemed to take it pretty well.
Monica: Oh, really? So that hysterical phone call I got from a woman sobbing at 3:00 A.M. , "I'll never have grandchildren, I'll never have grandchildren." was what? A wrong number?
Ross: Sorry.
Joey: Alright Ross, look, you're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting.
Joey: Can I tell you what the answer is? Strip joints!
Joey: C'mon, you're single! Have some hormones.
Ross: See，but I don't want to be single, okay?
Ross: I just...I just，I just want to be married again.
Chandler: And I just want a million dollars!
Monica: Rachel?
Rachel: Oh, God, Monica hi! Thank God!
Rachel: I just went to your building, and you weren't there, and this guy with a big hammer said that you might be here, and you are you are.
Waitress：Can I get you some coffee?
Monica: Decaf.
Monica: Okay, everybody, this is Rachel, another Lincoln High survivor.
Monica: This is everybody. This is Chandler and Phoebe and Joey. And, you remember my brother, Ross?
Rachel: Sure!
Ross：Hi。
Monica: So You wanna tell us now, or are we waiting for four wet bridesmaids?
Rachel: Oh God...Well, it started about a half hour before the wedding.
Rachel: I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat.
Rachel: This really gorgeous Limoges gravy boat. When all of a sudden I realized...Sweet 'n' Lo?
Rachel: I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry!
Rachel: And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: How much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew he looked familiar, but.
Rachel: Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering, "Why am I doing this, " and "Who am I doing this for?"
Rachel: So anyway, I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
Monica: Who wasn't invited to the wedding.
Rachel: Ooh, I was kinda hoping that wouldn't be an issue...
Monica: Now I'm guessing that he bought her the big pipe organ, and she's really not happy about it.
Chandler: Tuna or egg salad! Decide!
Ross：I'll have whatever Christina's having.
Rachel: Daddy, I just I can't marry him. I'm sorry. I just don't love him. Well, it matters to me!
Phoebe: "If I let go of my hair, my head will fall off. "
Chandler: Ooh, she should not be wearing those pants.
Joey: I say push her down the stairs.
All: Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs! Push her down the stairs!
Rachel: C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, "You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'.
Rachel: And today I just stopped and I said, What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I want to be a，a purse? Y'know? Or a，or a hat!
Rachel: No, I don't want you to buy me a hat! I'm saying I am a ha...It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Ross: You can see where he'd have trouble.
Rachel: Look, Daddy, it's my life. Well, maybe I'll just stay here with Monica.
Monica: Well, I guess we've established she's staying here with Monica...
Rachel: Well, maybe that's my decision. Well, maybe I don't need your money. Wait! I said maybe!
Monica: Just breathe, breathe...that's it. Just try to think of nice calm things.
Phoebe: Raindrops on roses And whiskers on kittens. Doorbells and sleigh bells. And something with mittens La la la something. And noodles with string...
Rachel: I'm all better now.
Phoebe: I helped.
Monica: Okay, look, this is probably for the best, y'know?
Monica: Independence. Taking control of your life. The whole, 'hat' thing.
Joey: And hey, you need anything, you can always come to Joey.
Joey: Me and Chandler live right across the hall. And He's away a lot.
Monica: Joey, Stop hitting on her! It's her wedding day.
Joey: What, like there's a rule or something?
Chandler: I got it. Please don't do that again. It's a horrible sound.
Paul：Uh, It's, it's Paul.
Monica: Oh, God, is it 6:30? Buzz him in.
Joey: Who's Paul?
Ross: Paul, the wine guy? Paul?
Monica: Maybe.
Joey: Wait a minute. Your 'not a real date' tonight is with Paul the Wine Guy?
Ross: He finally asked you out?
Monica: Yes!
Chandler: Ooh, this is a Dear Diary moment.
Monica: Rach, wait, I can cancel....
Rachel: Ooh God, Please, no, go, I'll be fine!
Monica: Ooh, Ross, are you okay? I mean, do you want me to stay?
Ross: That'd be good.
Monica: Really?
Ross: No, go on! It's Paul, the wine guy!
Phoebe: What does that mean? Does he sell it, drink it? Or he just complains a lot?
Monica: Hi, come in! Paul, this is...everybody. Everybody, this is Paul.
Everybody: Hey! Paul! Hi! The Wine Guy! Hey!
Chandler: I'm sorry, I didn't catch your name. Paul, was it?
Monica: Okay, ummumm, I'll just，I'll be right back, I just gotta go ah, go ah...
Ross: A wandering?
Monica: Change. Okay, sit down. Two seconds.
Phoebe: Ooh, I just pulled out four eyelashes. That can't be good.
Joey: Hey, Paul! Here's a little tip, she really likes it when you rub her neck in the same spot over and over and over again until it starts to get a little red.
Monica: Shut up, Joey!
Ross: So Rachel, what're you, uh...what're you up to tonight?
Rachel: Well, I was kinda supposed to be headed for Aruba on my honeymoon, so, nothing.
Ross: Right, you're not even getting your honeymoon.
Ross: God. . No, no, although, Aruba, this time of year...
Ross: Talk about your, big lizards.
Ross: Anyway, if you don't feel like being alone tonight, Joey and Chandler are coming over to help me put together my new furniture.
Chandler: Yes, and we're very excited about it.
Rachel: Well，actually thanks, but I think I'm just gonna hang out here tonight. It's been kinda a long day.
Ross: Oh, sure.
Joey: Hey Pheebs, you wanna help?
Phoebe: Oh, I wish I could, but I don't want to.
Phoebe: Love is sweet as summer showers, love is a wondrous work of art. But your love Oh, your love, your love...is like a giant pigeon, crapping on my heart, lalalalala.
Phoebe: Thank you. Lalalalala
Ross: I'm supposed to attach a brackety thing to the side things, using a bunch of these little worm guys.
Ross: I have no brackety thing. I see no worm guys whatsoever...and I cannot feel my legs.
Joey: I think we've got a bookcase here.
Chandler: It's beautiful thing.
Joey: What's this?
Chandler: I would have to say that is an L-shaped bracket.
Joey: Which goes where?
Chandler: I have no idea.
Joey: Done with the bookcase.
Chandler: All finished.
Ross: This was Carol's favorite beer.
She always drank it out of the can, I should have known.
Joey: You're gonna start with that stuff, we're outta here.
Chandler: Yeah, please don't spoil all this fun.
Joey: Ross, let me ask you a question.
Joey: She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV. What did you get?
Ross: You guys.
Chandler: Oh, God!
Joey: You got screwed.
Chandler: Oh, my God!
Monica: Oh, my God.
Paul: I know. I know. I'm such an idiot.
Paul: I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the dentist four and five times a week.
Paul: I mean, how clean can teeth get?
Monica: My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?
Paul: I might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers. Say her......
Monica：Leg?
Paul: That's one way of doing it! Me, I went for the watch.
Monica: You actually broke her watch? Wow! The worst thing I ever did was, I shredded my old boyfriend's favorite bath towel.
Paul: Oh, steer clear of you.
Monica: That's right.
Rachel: Barry, I'm sorry. I am so sorry.
Rachel: I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other night about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't...It's about me. And I just
Rachel: Hi, the machine cut me off again. Anyway, look, look...
Rachel: I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me.
Rachel: And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance to...
Ross: I'm divorced. I'm only 26, and I'm divorced!
Joey: Shut up!
Chandler: Come on, stop!
Ross: That only took me an hour.
Chandler: You gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento.
Chandler: You, however, have had the love of a woman for four years.
Chandler: Four years of closeness and sharing, at the end of which she ripped your heart out. That is why we don't do it!
Chandler: I don't think that was my point!
Ross: You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman and that's it.
Ross: Unfortunately, in my case, there was only one woman for her.
Joey: What are you talking about? One woman.
Joey: That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you.
Joey: Let me tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky road and cookie dough and，bing，cherry vanilla.
Joey: You can get them with jimmies or nuts or whipped cream.
Joey: This is the best thing that ever happened to you!
Joey: You got married. You were like, what, 8? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
Ross: I honestly don't know if I'm hungry or horny.
Chandler: Stay out of my freezer!
Paul: Ever since she walked out on me, I...
Monica: What? what what...You wanna spell it out with noodles?
Paul: No, it's, it's more of a fifth date kinda revelation.
Monica: Oh, so there is gonna be a fifth date?
Paul: Isn't there?
Monica: Yeah, yeah. I think there is.
Monica: What were you gonna say?
Paul: Well, ever since she left me...I haven't been able to perform...sexually.
Monica: Oh, God! I'm so, I'm so sorry.
Paul: It's OK.
Monica: Being spit on is probably not what you need right now.
Monica: How long?
Paul: Two years.
Monica: Wow. I'm glad you smashed her watch.
Paul: So you still think you might want that fifth date?
Monica: Yeah. Yeah, I do.
Rachel: See! But Joanne loved Chachi. That's the difference.
Ross: Grab a spoon. Do you know how long it's been since I grabbed a spoon?
Ross: Do the words, "Billy, don't be a hero, " mean anything to you?
Joey: Great story. But I gotta go. I got a date with Andrea. Angela. Andrea. Oh man.
Chandler: Andrea's the screamer. Angela has cats.
Joey: Right, thanks. It's Julie. I'm out of here.
Ross: Y'know, here's the thing. Even if I could get it together enough to, to ask a woman out...who am I gonna ask?
Rachel: Isn't this amazing? I mean I've never made coffee before in my entire life.
Chandler: That is amazing.
Joey: Congratulations.
Rachel: Y'know, I figure if I can make coffee, there isn't anything I can't do.
Chandler: No, I think it's if I can invade Poland, there isn't anything I can't do.
Joey: Listen, while you're on a roll, if you feel like you gotta make like a Western omelet or something...
Joey: Although, actually I'm really not that hungry.
Monica: Oh, good. Lenny and Squigy are here.
Rachel: Good morning.
Monica:Good morning.
Chandler and Joey: Morning.
Paul: Morning.
Joey: Morning, Paul.
Rachel: Hello, Paul.
Chandler: Hi. Paul, is it?
Paul: Thank you. Thank you so much.
Monica: You stop.
Paul: No, I'm telling you last night was like umm, all my birthdays, both graduations, plus the barn raising scene in Witness.
Monica: We'll talk later.
Paul: Thank you.
Joey: That wasn't a real date. What the hell do you do on a real date?
Monica: Shut up and put my table back.
Chandler: All right, kids, I gotta get to work. If I don't input those numbers,...it doesn't make much of a difference...
Rachel: So, like, you guys all have jobs?
Monica: Yeah, we all have jobs. See that's how we buy stuff.
Joey: Yeah, I'm an actor.
Rachel: Wow! Would I have seen you in anything?
Joey: I doubt it. Mostly regional work.
Monica: Oh wait, wait, unless you happened to catch the reruns' production of Pinocchio at the little theater in the park?
Joey: Look, it was a job all right?
Chandler: "Look, Geppetto. I'm a real live boy. "
Joey: I will not take this abuse.
Chandler: You're right, I'm sorry. "Once I was a wooden boy, a little wooden boy..."
Joey: You should both know, that he's a dead man.
Joey: Oh, Chandler!
Monica: So how are you doing today? Did you sleep okay?
Monica: Did you talk to Barry? I can't stop smiling.
Rachel: I can see that. You look like you slept with a hanger in your mouth.
Monica: I know. He's just so...Do you remember you and Tony Demarco?
Rachel: Oh, yeah.
Monica: Well, it's like that. With feelings.
Rachel: Wow, are you in trouble!
Monica: Big time!
Rachel: Want a wedding dress? Hardly used.
Monica: I think we are getting a little ahead of ourselves here.
Monica: Okay. Okay. I am just going to get up, go to work and not think about him all day.
Monica: Or else I'm just gonna get up and go to work.
Rachel: Oh, look, wish me luck!
Monica: What for?
Rachel: I'm gonna go get one of those ... job things.
Frannie: Hi, Monica.
Monica: Hey Frannie, welcome back. How was Florida?
Frannie: You had sex, didn't you?
Monica: How did you do that?
Frannie: Oh, I hate you. I'm pushing my Aunt Roz through Parrot Jungle and you're having sex! So, who?
Monica: You know Paul?
Frannie: Paul, the wine guy? Oh yeah, I know Paul.
Monica: You mean, you know Paul like I know Paul?
Frannie: Are you kidding? I take credit for Paul.
Frannie: Y'know before me, there was no snap in his turtle for two years.
Joey: Of course it was a lie.
Monica: Why? Why? Why, why would anybody do something like that?
Ross: I assume we're looking for an answer more sophisticated than :"To get you into bed. "
Monica: I hate men! I hate men!
Phoebe: Oh no, don't hate, you don't want to put that out into the universe.
Monica: Is it me? Is it like I have some sort of beacon that only dogs and men with severe emotional problems can hear?
Phoebe: All right, come here, give me your feet.
Monica: I just thought he was nice, you know?
Joey: I can't believe you didn't know it was a lie.
Rachel: Guess what?
Ross: You got a job?
Rachel: Are you kidding? I'm trained for nothing.
Rachel: I was laughed out of twelve interviews today.
Chandler: And yet you're surprisingly upbeat.
Rachel: You would be too if you found John and David boots on sale, fifty percent off!
Chandler: Oh, how well you know me...
Rachel: They're my new “I don't need a job, I don't need my parents, I've got great boots” boots.
Monica: How did you pay for them?
Rachel: Uh, credit card.
Monica: And who pays for that?
Rachel: Um...my...father.
Rachel: Oh God, come on you guys, is this really necessary? I mean, I can stop charging anytime I want.
Monica: C'mon, Rache, you can't live off your parents your whole life.
Rachel: I know that. That's why I was getting married.
Phoebe: C'mon, give her a break. It's hard being on your own for the first time.
Rachel: Thank you.
Phoebe: You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen.
Phoebe: My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody.
Phoebe: And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, cleaning windshields outside port authority. And then he killed himself.
Phoebe: And then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel.
Ross: The word you're looking for is: “Anyway”...
Monica: All right, you ready?
Rachel: No. No, no, I'm not ready! How can I be ready!
Rachel: "Hey, Rach! You ready to jump out the airplane without your parachute? "
Rachel: Come on, I can't do this!
Monica: You can, I know you can!
Rachel: I don't think so.
Ross: Come on, you made coffee! You can do anything!
All: C'mon, cut. Cut, cut, cut,...
Rachel: Y'know what? I think we can just leave it at that. Kind of like a symbolic gesture.
Monica: Rachel, that was a library card.
All: Cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut, cut......
Chandler: Y'know, if you listen very closely, you can hear a thousand retailers scream.
Monica: Welcome to the real world! It sucks. You're gonna love it.
Monica: Well, that's it. You gonna crash on the couch?
Ross: No. No, I gotta go home sometime.
Monica: Are you gonna be okay?
Ross: Yeah.
Rachel: Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor.
Rachel: What?
Monica: That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it.
Monica: Oh, boy! All right. Good night, everybody.
Rachel and Ross: Good night.
Ross: Oh, no, oh no no, go go go.
Rachel: oh, sorry. No, have it, really, I don't want it.
Ross: Split it?
Rachel: Okay.
Ross: You know you probably didn't know this, but back in high school, I had a, um, major crush on you.
Rachel: I knew.
Ross: You did! Oh...I always figured you just thought I was Monica's geeky older brother.
Rachel: I did.
Ross: Oh...
Ross: Listen, do you think...? And try not to let my intense vulnerability become any kind of a factor here,
Ross: but do you think it would be okay if I asked you out? Sometime? Maybe?
Rachel: Yeah. Maybe.
Ross: Okay...Okay, maybe I will.
Rachel: Good night.
Ross: Good night.
Monica: See ya. Wait, wait. Hey, what's with you?
Ross: I just grabbed a spoon.
Joey: I can't believe what I'm hearing here.
Phoebe: I can't believe what I'm hearing here...
Monica: What? I said you had a...
Phoebe: What I said you had...
Monica: Would you stop?
Phoebe: Oh, was I doing it again?
All: Yes!
Monica: I said you had a nice butt. It's just not a great butt.
Joey: Oh, you wouldn't know a great butt if it came up and bit ya.
Ross: There's an image.
Rachel: Would anybody like more coffee?
Chandler: Did you make it, or are you just serving it?
Rachel: I'm just serving it.
All: Yeah, I'll have a cup of coffee.
Chandler: Kids, new dream. I'm in Las Vegas.
Customer: Aha, Miss? More coffee?
Rachel: Excuse me, could you give this to that guy over there?
Rachel: Go ahead. Thank you.
Rachel: Sorry. Okay, Las Vegas.
Chandler: OK. So...I'm in Las Vegas. I'm Liza Minnelli.
